Doc: Adding text on traits and inheritance (#925)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/_includes/Types.md

of `C`.  A member in `J` is not allowed to be redeclared in `C`,
except if the member is a non-`static` function or method without a
body in `J`.  By doing so, type `C` can supply a stronger
specification and a body for the member. There is further discussion on
this point in Section [Inheritance](#sec-inheritance).

`new` is not allowed to be used with traits.  Therefore, there is no
object whose allocated type is a trait.  But there can of course be
objects of a class `C` that implement a trait `J`, and a reference to
such a `C` object can be used as a value of type `J`.

## Type `object`
````grammar
ObjectType_ = "object"
````

There is a built-in trait `object` that is a supertype of all
reference types.
Every class and every trait (other than `object` itself) automatically extends
`object`. The purpose of type `object`
is to enable a uniform treatment of _dynamic frames_. In particular, it
is useful to keep a ghost field (typically named `Repr` for
"representation") of type `set<object>`.

It serves no purpose (but does no harm) to explicitly list `object` as
an extendee in a class or trait declaration.

Trait `object` contains no members.

> 

Author: Inserted

are called its _direct parents_; the _transitive parents_ of a trait or class
are its direct parents, the transitive parents of its direct parents, and
the `object` trait (if it is not itself `object`).
These are sets of traits, in that it does not matter if
there are repetitions of a given trait in a class or trait's direct or
transitive parents. However, if a trait with type parameters is repeated,
it must have the same actual type parameters in each instance.
Furthermore, a trait may not be in its own set of transitive parents; that is,
the graph of traits connected by the directed _extends_ relationship may not
have any cycles.

A class or trait inherits (as if they are copied) all the instance members
of its transitive parents. However, since names may not be overloaded in
Dafny, different members (that is, members with different type signatures)
within the set of transitive parents and the class or trait itself must have different names.[^overload]
This restriction does mean that traits from different sources that
coincidentally use the same name for different purposes cannot be combined
by being part of the set of transitive parents for some new trait or class.

> Static members of a trait may not be redeclared and must be declared with a body.

Reviewer: The body is only required if the program is compiled. That is, the type checker and verifier are fine if the static member has no body; it's only the compiler that would complain, as it would for any static or non-static member without a body. So, it is more accurate--and more to the point, here--to say that since static members of traits cannot be redeclared, any body of the member must be declared in the trait.

Author: Revised and clarified

[^overload]: It is possible to conceive of a mechanism for disambiguating
conflicting names, but this would add complexity to the language that does not
appear to be needed, at least as yet.

Where traits within an extension hierarchy do declare instance members with the same
name (and thus the same signature), some rules apply. Recall that, for methods,
every declaration includes a specification; if no specification is given

> explicitly, a default specification applies. Instance method declarations in traits,
> however, need not have a body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explicitly, a default specification applies. Instance method declarations in traits
need not have a body; instead, a body can be supplied in an override of the method.
```

Author: OK

For a given non-static method M,

* A trait or class may not redeclare M if it has a transitive parent that declares M and provides a body.
* A trait may but need not provide a body if all its transitive parents that declare M do not declare a body.
* A trait or class may not have more than one transitive parent that declares M with a body.
* A class that has one or more transitive parents that declare M without a body
and no transitive parent that declares M with a body must itself redeclare M

> with a body.

Reviewer: This applies only if the program is compiled (like other rules that have to do with body-less members).

Author: Revised

> * Currently (and under debate), the following restriction applies:

Reviewer: I'm thinking that this bullet and the ones above would benefit from two definitions (_override_: noun, and _overrides_: transitive verb):

* A member `M` declared in a class or trait is an _override_ if one or more of the transitive parents also declares an `M`. If a member is not an override, it is called an _original_ member.
* Consider an override `M` in a class or trait `C` where exactly one transitive parent, say `P`, declares `M`. The member `C.M` is said to _override_ the original `P.M`.
* Consider a class or trait `C` where more than one transitive parent declares a member `M`. For any two distinct transitive parents `P` and `Q` of `C` that each declares an `M`, it must be that either `P.M` overrides `Q.M` or `Q.M` overrides `P.M`. Consequently, among all the transitive parents of `C`, the overrides of a member `M` can be linearly ordered down to the original `M`, and there is a declaration of `M` that has no overrides.
* Consider an override `M` in a class or trait `C` where more than one transitive parent declares `M`. The member `C.M` _overrides_ the `M` in the transitive parents that among the transitive parents has no override.

Author: Revised and simplified the text

Consider the DAG of classes and traits ordered by the _extends_ relationship
and ending in a given class or trait CT. For a declaration of member M in CT,
consider each path in the DAG that begins with a class or trait other than
CT and that declares M, ends with CT, and does not pass through any trait
that also declares M.
The set of that begin these paths are the
_direct parent declarors_ of M in CT.
The restriction is that if this set has two or more members, then there must
be one element of the set for which all of the other elements are
its transitive parents.

The last restriction above is the current implementation. It effectively limits
inheritance of a method M to a single "chain" of declarations and does not
permit mixins.

Each of any method declarations explicitly or implicitly
includes a specification. In simple cases, those syntactially separate
specifications will be copies of each other (up to renaming to take account
of differing formal parameter names). However they need not be. The rule is

> that the specifications of M in a given class or trait must be _no weaker than_

Reviewer: Alternative, "no weaker than" could be mentioned as "as strong as".

Author: Revised

M's specifications in a transitive parent.
Here _no weaker than_  means that it
must be permitted to call the subtype's M in the context of the supertype's M.
Stated differently, where P and C are a parent trait and a child class or trait,
respectively,

* C.M's `requires` clause must be implied by P.M's `requires` clause
* C.M's `ensures` clause must imply P.M's `ensures` clause
* C.M's `reads` set must be a subset of P.M's `reads` set
* C.M's `modifies` set must be a subset of P.M's `modifies` set

> * C.M's `decreases` expression must be smaller than or equal to P.M's `decreases` expression

Reviewer: These 4 bullets should start with, "under the precondition of P.M,".

Author: Done
